hey all right good here we go hakuna
matata The Lion King nobody puts Baby in
the corner
dirty dick leave her
dink away my baby hasta la vista baby
Terminator 2 okay now as he pause for a
brief vac update the current score is
mom and Tucker with 197 and Danny and
Amy with three oh hey in her back Amy I
believe you're up oh oh okay I got this
message in a bottle I know know what you
dream of
no I was just feeding my baby but good
guesses though tell her how great of a
friend I am yeah that's a great friend
you know on the friend scale I'd give
him like a seven
out of suffit yourself but if you could
like sit up straight and use a few big
words and looking writing line when you
talk about with great ready neat
literature lately please notice I didn't
say book because that only has four
letters look wheeler let's get one thing
clear
I don't want you dating my daughter why
not oh come on hockey what's that oh
it's a game there's six players on your
side I'd like solve her but on ice spicy
haven't heard of it okay I'm gonna keep
this very simple which is seemingly
necessary stay away from Amy she did
I've got good news of that Brendan
her
dude I have always wanted to try one of
these things dude but I gotta tell you
in the steak it's not that easy I mean
Danny wouldn't be sitting out here
wondering why she doesn't think he's a
good friend what would he be doing he'd
be over there right now being a good
friend
Danny's awesome isn't he oh I should go
over there and be a good friend
huh Oh glad that she told you tell me
what that her father hates me here well
you'd know if you weren't so busy trying
to impress Amy sticking to my dad that's
him right there isn't it
you hear regrets not pursuing that dream
um I'm sorry I'm living my dream right
now
I'm sorry I would
who the hell put all these dirty dishes
in my bed probably the same person who
couldn't find a clean bowl and is being
forced to eat his cereal out of a box
hey that's a really good idea to have
another box been no you can't possibly
bring one more living thing into this
apartment if you haven't noticed we
already have a baby and a giant I'm
scared quit your whining wheeler
Bonnie's Beauty Bar guarantee that you
are going to love your new haircut oops
not all of that my blender was on full
tilt for margarita Monday
oh it's Thursday don't judge me oh I
mean maybe I could use a little color I
don't know what happened
Oh dilute solution with water oh I bet
that was it my interview is tomorrow
what am I gonna do I know you're upset
so I won't charge you for this session
mrs. wheeler I am a carrot in heels I'm
out Vanessa and I are going clubbing
yeah we finally discovered the secret to
our relationship go to places where it's
too loud to talk I'm out too
Amy they are celebrating something I
just hope I remember what that is before
I pick her up movie night is a tradition
you guys can't just bail Billy because
that's exactly what you two did when you
were dating Fitch and Megan I believe
the exact phrase was see you losers yeah
so see you losers I am the worst person
that's ever lived I'm feeling the need
to say oh no Ben that's not true but
that would be a lie